fixing errors in the page (#1821)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/api-testing/build-from-spec.md

5. Click on the folder in your **Snapshots** tree where you'd like to save your file.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/api-testing/ImportFolder.png')} alt="Import to Snapshots folder"/>
6. Click **Save**.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/api-testing/importFolder2.png')} alt="Import file to Project"/>
7. After saving, you'll be able to view all of your endpoints under **Snapshots**, grouped by subdirectory. Click on the name of the request you'd like to test.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/api-fortress/2021/02/versions.png')} alt="Import to Snapshots folder" width="250"/><br/>

   The URL will populate in the **Enter Request URL** field. <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/api-fortress/2021/02/sampleRequest.png')} alt="Sample request"/>

   The response body will populate in the **Body** area. <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/api-fortress/2021/02/responseBody.png')} alt="Response Body"/>

## Generate a Test

> Follow the instructions under our Quickstart doc, starting with the [Generate Test](/api-testing/quickstart/#generate-test) step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Quickstart guide](/api-testing/quickstart/#generate-test) for the steps to generate, run,  publish, and view test results.
```
